= WARNING! THIS GEM IS UNDER HEAVY DEVELOPMENT AND SHOULD BE USED WITH CAUTION!!!11

= InterfaceLift
* http://github.com/michel/interfaceLift

== DESCRIPTION

Are you a programmer? Do you hate doing GUI related stuff? Or just want your app to look good without much effort? 
Well interfacelift might be the gem your looking for!

Interface lift is a handy gem for installing themes in rails apps.
You can install themes with just one single command:

  interfacelift install bright_admin --repo git://github.com/michel/bright_admin.git

== FEATURES    

- Needs MOAR features..

== SYNOPSIS
  
  rails my_app
  cd my_app
  interfacelift install bright_admin --repo git://github.com/michel/bright_admin.git

== INSTALL        
 
  sudo gem install interfacelift --source http://gemcutter.org

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Michel de Graaf (michel@re-invention.nl), http://re-invention.nl    
Copyright (c) 2009 Jeroen van Schagen (jeroen.v.schagen@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.      



